God will good night.
Good night.
Happy New Year and Happy New Year.
Glory to God.
Happy New Year.
It's a great season.
Glory to God.
God has already declared the end from the beginning.
He has already declared what December would look like.
And he says, it's a year of acceleration and demonstration.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
So never be this piano.
Sometimes, you know, as soon as the year starts off, things might seem rocky.
But Glory to God.
Remember, God's wasn't abiding.
It praise God.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
minister Oyseman and I just want to give honor to our pastors tonight.
Glory to God and in their absence and thank them for the opportunity to stand before their people tonight.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Father, we thank you.
We worship you.
We magnify you.
Hallelujah.
This is the month of prayer praise God and so we are focusing on prayer.
Glory to God and so
The title of my message received is effective prayer with unity.
Amen.
Effective prayer with unity.
And ironically, that's what our pastor spoke about this morning, unity.
Amen.
Praise God.
We're going to look at the James 516 and the NIV version.
Hallelujah.
God is great and is wonderful.
And we're just going to look at the big portion of that.
And it says,
The prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective.
Amen?
The prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective and that's the NIV version.
Glory to God.
How many believe in the power of prayer?
How many have experienced prayer working in your life?
But how many have experienced prayer when someone else joins in with you?
Go with the God, you might have been struggling with something.
Go with the God and God led you to somebody.
What took place after that?
Praise God, everything was just moved out of the way.
Amen?
So God wants us, and I must say at this point, that God wants us to be unified.
Go with the God, there's tremendous power.
Not only when one pray, but when we pray in unity.
Go with the God, Hallelujah.
When we look at that word, we can look at that word, effective from the Webster's dictionary, the 1828 dictionary, and effective means.
Glory to God, hallelujah.
Operative.
Active.
Having the quality of producing effects, amen?
Again, operative.
Active.
Having the quality of producing effects.
So this year when we pray, Glory to God, we're gonna have demonstration only when we pray effectively.
Glory to God and pray, unify.
Praise God, unity is important because what?
It reflects the very nature of God.
God is not divided.
His Son is not divided.
The Holy Spirit is not divided.
Amen.
They all are one and the work in unison to bring things to pass.
And that's the way God wants us to operate in this earth to manifest
Himself through us on the earth that we can definitely demonstrate to the world that God is still on the throne.
Praise God, God hears, He cares, He understands praise God and He wants to do things mightily in their life.
There's some people who feel don't try and think that God has forsaken them, that there is no more love that God has just left, but no.
Through us, through our love, through the power, through the ability that God has given unto us, God wants us to demonstrate that.
Praise God and we're going to do it
Go with the God, we're not only going to wait until we see people.
When you have to prepare for most things in our life, we have to prepare.
If you're going to travel, you prepare.
You're going to take a test, you prepare.
You want an application for a loan, you prepare.
You have to get some things together.
Go with the God.
And so this is where we add, as a body of Christ, God wants us to prepare even before we meet those persons that have a need.
Because guess what?
And every knee that somebody has has already been prepared.
God doesn't have to sew away the arm.
Let me get the parts for that.
No.
It's already been prepared.
And it's already and it will manifest through us.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
God is a covenant keeping God.
And when God gets ready to do anything, He contacts us.
He contacts men.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
God never does anything alone.
Even from Genesis, it's a letter.
in our own image and likeness, go with the God, let us.
It was always unity from the beginning, go with the God, hallelujah.
But guess what?
This is an enemy and he believes, right?
And he understands, I believe, about unity more than believers.
Praise God, he understands more about unity than believers because remember where he was, he was in heaven and his side.
He saw it and he experienced it.
He experienced how well things were going when things were unified.
But he wanted to create confusion.
So then this God sent him down.
He said, no, not here.
But guess what?
But he's still not here.
No, God is no.
No, he's not going to have it.
He's not going to have it.
No way.
Because God knows
that if anything is not, if any death, any broken thing, things is not gonna work.
And if he had said,
that we let us spread, we let us take more with Him.
Amen.
But two thoughts went with Him, go with the God and thank God the other angels had sense enough to say, I'm going to stay with my maker.
They said, I'm going to stay with my maker, go with the God.
So we're going to stay with our maker too, so that we can have demonstration, go with the God and receive acceleration in our life.
Hallelujah.
Stay with the one who made you.
Sequinem, glory to God, hallelujah, glory to God, praise God.
And why the enemy knows this?
And Pastor mentioned this in his thing today, glory to God, hallelujah, Mark 325.
And he says, if a house be divided, sorry, I didn't put in that, glory to God.
If a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand.
So he knows.
He knows because when he had the two thoughts, when the enemy had the two thoughts with him, he already saw the chaos that was created.
So he wants to do the same thing and manifest here on the earth.
But tell somebody, natural me, natural me, glory to God.
We are going to be unified and we're going to do exactly what God has us to do.
Amen?
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
When there is a, if anyone had a hose, a hose, water hose,
And the horse gets broken, it loses pressure.
The water leaks out.
And so it is in the body of Christ.
If the link is broken, we lose power.
We lose power, and we won't be effective.
Because guess what?
There's nothing flowing through, because something is broken.
Something is broken.
So let's keep the link together.
Amen?
And so if the enemy uses the powerful tool of discord,
He knows that what God has already said and established will not come to pass in our life.
Amen?
And He understands unity, that He will bring things to pass.
And we have need of it in this hour.
Because He have an inclination as to what being going on in the earth that they end this near.
If you look around, you see things as ramped up in the earth.
Just unbelievable things.
You look around and your mouth just open.
You can't even say nothing.
Because there's no words.
You just, your mouth just in.
And then you're trying to catch yourself as to what's going on, amen.
Praise God.
But we need to know.
And so tonight, I pray by the path, the Holy Spirit, that as I speak, that we receive some wisdom and understanding, amen.
Praise God, because when you know how something works, you're able to take care of it, amen.
Praise God.
And we know that wisdom is the current application of knowledge, amen.
So we need wisdom in this time.
It's all been declared that we're going to get it.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Yes.
It's on the inside of us.
Just activate.
Just yield to the Holy Spirit and things will work out.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
No matter what you're facing, no matter what the persecution you stand for.
You stand for him.
Stand with God and stand with each other.
Amen?
Praise God.
God is going to level the playing field this year and he's going to do it speedily.
He's going to do it speedily and expeditiously.
He's going to level the playing field.
You guys are going to walk in high places in the name of Jesus.
No more downtrodden.
No more head down.
Go with the God.
You're going to walk up on high places in the name of Jesus because that's your destiny.
Go with the God, hallelujah.
And that's the position of the kingdom.
That's the position of the kingdom.
And that's where we are as believers in the kingdom.
Go with the God.
Let's re-forget.
That's where we are.
Go with the God.
And we have a work to do here on the earth.
Go with the God we didn't make ourself and the enemy didn't make us.
So don't allow him to use you for any reason to bring to pass his chaos.
Go with the God, hallelujah.
We're going to reclaim the name of the kingdom.
Amen.
Good name.
Hallelujah.
Go with the God and just to show you how serious.
Amen.
The enemy can be in trying to unite people for bad for the wrong reason.
Let's take a look at this.
Let's look at Acts 23 verse 12.
Acts 23, verse 12, when I looked at this, pondered upon it, I said, my God, look at this, it didn't come to pass though, and nothing the enemy will ever do will come to pass, because guess what, no weapon formed against you shall prosper.
None, none shall prosper, Acts 23, 12.
Amen, this was updated.
These Jews plotted against Paul.
They wanted to bound him just because what?
They didn't understand what was going on.
They accused him of bringing gentle into the temple.
And so they couldn't find no way of getting him or getting him convicted.
So guess what?
They made a plot on their own.
Go with the God, but thank God for the victory.
And thank God who always causes us to triumph.
Amen, praise God.
Hallelujah.
Let's look at Acts 23, 12.
Go with the guy and he says, and when it was they, certain of the Jews banded together and bound themselves on their course.
See, they made a, oh, they made a vow.
They put themselves together.
They said, huh, this is it.
Saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul.
Eat not drink.
But we believe us, if we say, if we say, we're gonna fast.
But they were determined
that need are going to eat or drink until they kill Paul.
Not to bring a good outcome, but a bad one.
But they decide that we're going to put the flesh down, make a sacrifice until they kill Paul.
Right?
And this, the enemy knows this is what will happen.
Press God if people band together.
But thank God Paul had a destiny.
Go with the God.
And the enemy did not accomplish his plan.
And so he won't accomplish it against us either.
In the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Go with the God.
He won't accomplish it.
He won't accomplish it because our eyes are open.
Be subset that we're going to receive revelation.
So God is going to speak to us.
God is going to open our hearts and He's going to show us things.
And we'll be able to override the trap and the plaques of the enemy in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
The phrase banded together.
No.
This is our year.
I truly believe it with all my heart.
This is our year as a body of Christ.
We have suffered long enough.
but to that suffering God was preparing us for something greater.
God was preparing us for something greater.
Grow with the God, hallelujah.
Grow with the God.
So the phrase banded together is pronounced, well it's pale and it's spelled P-O-I-E-O, amen?
And it's translated and it means it's using the following manner to do, to make, to bring forth, to commit.
to cause, to work, to show, to bear, to keep, to fulfill, to deal, and to perform.
So when they banded together, this is what they wanted to do, to do, to make it come to pass, to bring forward, they committed themselves, to do the cause, they worked together at it.
go with the God, they should, they bear, they bear up, even when they were hungry, they bear up under that.
They would even drink, go with the God, they kept their promises, and they wanted to fulfill it, go with the God and to deal and to perform it, amen.
That was it, and that would bring forth
power if it wasn't for God.
Amen.
Praise God.
But here is what we're going to do as believers and what God is going to cause us to do for the kingdom sake.
Amen.
Glory to God because this is God's work.
This is God's work.
This is kingdom business.
This is kingdom time.
Amen.
Glory to God.
So this is what we this is what we as a people of God, we're going to do praise God because there's work to be done in and for the kingdom of God.
Amen.
We're going to make
Glory to God, we have to make and get people ready in the kingdom of God.
Hallelujah, that the kingdom of God can be advanced.
Go with that.
I believe that God is still holding back the court and not sending his son just because there's some people still up there.
Glory God, because he wished that none should perish.
Glory to God, Hallelujah.
He wished that none should perish.
So God wants us to make it happen.
God wants us to be ready, to be equipped, to go out to win souls, go with the God.
And what is coming up, go with the God, what is coming up.
Praise God, hallelujah.
And everywhere you go, it's a day.
Go with the God.
It's not limited to only when Minister Francis goes out.
But it's an everyday dedication and commitment to bring forth the manifestation of God.
That someone who has been praying for salvation,
of their loved ones can receive it.
Go with the God, hallelujah.
That's why we pray and say send laborers across their part.
We are the laborers.
Go with the God, hallelujah.
Go with the God.
We're going to cause.
We're going to, there is a cause.
There is a cause.
People are dying.
People are dying without knowing Jesus.
Amen.
So there's a cause.
There is a cause.
Amen.
And my sister, my youngest sister, like to say, Jesus is on final approach.
You know, almost we can play the land then.
He's a final approach, amen?
We're gonna work, and we're gonna work now.
Praise God, for the time is now.
We're gonna bring forth the manifestation and the demonstration of God.
We're gonna bear, we're gonna bear the burden of each other.
That's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna keep the bond of peace.
We're gonna keep the bond of peace among each other.
Praise God, we're gonna fulfill
We're going to fulfill the plans of God.
And we're going to deal fairly and righteously with each other.
Praise God.
Why?
To perform the work that He has sent us to do.
a man, praise God, and these can only be accomplished through unity.
Praise God, and unified prayer, glory to God, hallelujah.
But the Sevel also said that this is a year, 2024, is a year of progression, praise God.
And in order to progress on us, accelerate, we have to know what we're doing.
And the cause, like I said, is for the kingdom, for advancing the kingdom, praise God, because it's all about God's agenda.
The next reason why is that the whole world is waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God.
And that's in Romans 819, Praise God.
We know that.
Go with the God.
The whole world is waiting on the manifestation of the sons of God.
Praise God.
There is somebody that's locked up in your bowels.
Somebody that's locked up in your bowels.
And there should be a manifestation.
Praise God and a demonstration.
That person is probably praying and saying, God, I don't know what else to do.
I need to see you.
I need to know if you're there.
And that person is locked up in your bowels.
Praise God.
But no longer, we can no longer just have things being stagnant.
Hallelujah.
We have to open up and demonstrate glory to God.
the unity and the love that God has on the inside let it flow.
Amen?
God not only wants unity in the church, he wants unity in the family, he wants unity among married couples, he wants unity as a whole.
Praise God, Hallelujah.
Glory to God and we have the power and the ability to do and demonstrate.
Hallelujah.
What God wants us to do.
Glory to God.
I was listening to
This is what kind of led me on to.
I was listening to a testimony of a gentleman who was in a cult and God delivered him.
And one of the things that he said to me that really struck me was that when he was in training, his, um, the leader told them, and whenever some amount of God or somebody was coming into an area that will ask them to leave the area,
and go at least 70 miles from the area.
When the man of God was coming into preach, glory to God, and 70 miles my husband say is like from here to over St. Croix.
Okay, I have no idea.
Thanks be to God for him.
He know about distance and places.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
It's about that.
But not only that, he said he asked him to stay away for 21 days, even after the conference was finished.
Why?
Because he says,
the residue and the prayers in that area would do two things.
It would either convert them or it would kill them.
That's so powerful and effective praise.
But we pity Pat about it.
We pity Pat, but it can't be that way anymore.
When I heard that, and this is coming from somebody that was in the kingdom of darkness.
Amen.
So this should change some light on us as to the power of prayer.
What we can do where we are unified and we move as one in the spirit.
Amen.
In the spirit of God.
Praise God.
When he said that he can convert them and look at it.
Look at what the enemy had that set up.
He didn't want his soldiers to be converted, but he knew that.
He knew that because like I said, he was in the presence of God.
Amen.
Go with the God.
So this year, above all things,
Let us press in even more.
And just ask God, even as the disciples send Lord teachers to pray.
In the Bible, the disciples send Lord teachers to pray.
We may have gone to, maybe we have been accustomed to pray at one level, glory to God, but we go from faith to faith and glory to glory.
And we can't do it.
We can't do it, but guess what?
We also have to submit ourselves more to God.
We have to submit ourselves more to God.
Praise God.
We have to submit ourselves more to God, stay in faith and follow the instructions of the Lord.
And that's one of the things that Father Jerry Sevel says.
He said to stay focused on the promise of God.
And don't allow anything around you to distract you.
And he said to meditate on the things of God and give yourself holy
and commit to them.
Amen.
So whatever God is telling you and don't don't discredit what we have heard last year.
We heard saying the word.
We heard read your word.
We heard keep praying.
The same thing applies.
It comes over into 2024.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
So don't lose faith.
Don't lose hope.
It doesn't matter what how anything looks like.
We just keep
going and moving praise God, Hallelujah.
And no matter what the opposition, we stand strong and stand in the power and the grace of God, amen.
Glory to God.
And so as we stand in united prayer, according to Colossians 4-2, as it admonishes us, it says, continue in prayer and watching the same with thankfulness, amen.
So we never cease in praying.
watch in prayer with tankfulness even though you don't see the manifestation right away but God already said it's going to be acceleration.
Glory to God but sometimes we in the flesh
Soon as we take up our head, sometimes we expect to see it.
And sometimes we receive the word.
And soon as we step forward with rejoicing, then the enemy brings something.
But of course, by now we should already know that tactic, that's just a decoy for him to see how much we really receive, how much we really take God to heart, how much we really trust our God.
Amen?
But it's time out for us to just stay on the West Side, grow with the God and not believe wholeheartedly in our God.
Because if you think back about the amount of times that God has done so many things for us, all in Him and Him alone, God has all of the things that we were into, all the enemy trapped us into, and even God us to this moment.
Go with the God.
So we step in prayer.
Hallelujah.
Go with the God.
And we stay in prayer because this is the hour and we are the standard.
Hallelujah.
Let's look as Isaiah 59, 19.
Now this is one of the scriptures that Bishop use for his God, Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
He says, so there shall fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun.
When the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against the amen.
We are the standard.
We are the standard that God lifts up against the enemy.
Praise God, while we stay united, committed in prayer.
Praise God as we fight for our
each other and we fight for the things of the kingdom.
Praise God.
Our children, our spouses, the finances to do whatever we need.
Hallelujah.
Our position that God has already named and declared to us, we step fighting.
We step fighting and holding on to the promises of God.
Amen.
Glory to God.
God is not slack concerning any of His promises.
Praise God and His keep His promises to a thousand generations.
None of us has reached that as yet.
Go with the God.
So don't lose hope right now.
Don't lose hope in the season.
Praise God and do not give place to the devil.
Ephesians 4.27 says that.
Praise God, Hallelujah.
Go with the God.
It says neither give place to the devil.
Don't give him an inch.
He want to take a yard.
He wants to take a yard because that's his plan to take over.
the kingdom of God.
The kingdom of God does not belong to him.
He had the position and he lost it.
Amen?
And that is his portion.
He's gonna remain where he is in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah, praise God, hallelujah.
So they said, we have to give ourself holy to God.
Let's look at 1st Timothy 4, 15.
Praise God, hallelujah.
It says, Paul says to Timothy, he says, meditate upon these things.
Give thyself holy to them.
And that they profiting may appear to all praise God.
Remember Bishop said that all will see.
All will see what God is doing.
It's not going to be hidden.
All will see.
Because some people may have seen all known where you have been, what you have been through.
Grow with the God, but God will make all see.
praise God.
Hallelujah.
When God demonstrates and manifests all will see.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
It's not hidden agenda in God.
God is going to bring it everything in the open.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Staying faith.
Meditate.
Ponder and giving praise.
Hallelujah in the process.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
What are the things you should give yourself to?
1st, 1st Timothy 4, 12.
All again says, till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.
Till I come, give attendance to reading, don't let go of the Word of God.
And God have given men so much wisdom, it's in so many translations.
I know people have problems within the King James that can comprehend it, but God has given men wisdom to translate it in so many translation.
Praise God, NIV, TPT, message amplified and all the other hosts go with the God, Hallelujah.
You will be able, there will be no luck in understanding and knowledge of the Word of God.
Praise God, it says also give to exhortation and to doctrine.
Praise God.
The word exhortation is paracletis and it means praise God, consolation, exhortation, comfort and entreaty.
So we're supposed to entreat on the behalf of others.
Praise God as well.
A calling near as summons.
I believe God is summons in us tonight.
Praise God to step up to another level.
to come in unity and want to call with each other and also with him, to be on his agenda.
Praise God that we can accomplish the things that he has already laid out for us.
Praise God, hallelujah.
When we have failed ourself, praise God and supplicate for others.
And we are calling God on the scene.
Glory to God.
When we are unified, we are calling him God on the scene in a greater, even greater measure.
praise God, and so produce effectual prayers, praise God for the kingdom, praise God, hallelujah.
That powerful prayer will also cast away any spiritual darkness, any cloudiness, any blindness, and anything that the one that we've been interceding for, even our nation, it will be dispelled in the name of Jesus.
Praise God, because the effective prayer will bring forth power.
Glory to God, it will bring forth clarity.
It will bring forth everything, every permission that is needed in the lives of the people of God.
Amen, praise God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Jesus.
Another definition for profiting in that verse means the Greek word for profiting is, let me spell it.
P-R-O-K-O-P-E, praise God, and it means to progress advancement.
glory to God.
So as we give ourselves holy, as we give ourselves, and we exhort, and we comfort, and we call God near, glory to God, Hallelujah.
We're going to progress, and we're going to advance.
Praise God.
That sure sounds like acceleration.
God is going to speed up things as we immerse ourselves more into Him.
Praise God, Hallelujah.
Blinders, scales, we're moving the name of Jesus.
And as you
Study the Word of God.
Praise God.
The Word of God will bring forth revelation.
The Spirit within you will also expand so much more.
Glory to God that you will definitely see the demonstration of God.
Even you will be astonished.
Praise God.
Somebody received that for themselves.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Let's look at 1st Timothy 4, 13 to 5.
13 to 15 in the Passion Translation.
Go with the God.
And so he says, so until I come, be diligent in devouring the Word of God.
Have a hunger and thirst for the Word of God like never before.
Have a hunger and thirst like never before for the Word of God.
Be faithful in prayer.
And in teaching the believers, amen, amen, some who have, remember the word of God, say, I am sharp knit, I am, sometimes we're in a place we could hardly remember the word of God.
Anybody ever been into that place?
Because sometimes things hitting you from the left, from the left, things hitting you from the right, and somebody comes and give you a word.
I say, oh, yeah, remember that.
And that gives you the trust to go forward, amen, that accelerate you and it will propel you into what
you are believing God and you will receive what you believe in God for amen.
It says don't minimize the powerful gift that operates in your life.
Amen?
Do not minimize.
Don't look at it as something small.
I think we overlook and don't understand again, like I said, the power that we have.
Because I think even in this area of the world, we have so much.
There's so much things that are with disposal.
And so we minimize things because sometimes if we don't have it, we go and ask somebody.
Amen?
Praise God.
So as we continue, it says, don't minimize the powerful gift of operation life, for it was imparted to you by the laying of hands on the elders and was activated to the prophecy that spoke over you.
continuing for fitness, make all of this your constant meditation and make it real with your life.
So everyone can see that you are moving forward.
All right.
It says make all of this your constant meditation meditate.
Let me tell Joshua meditate on the word day and night meditate and it may sound repetitious, but
Nothing, if you are a believer, you cannot access anything but to the kingdom, to the Word of God.
That's the key.
Amen?
Just don't, don't try.
Remember what the guys say?
Anybody that comes up with a city from the rubber?
You only will be able to access anything to the kingdom of God, to his Word of God, amen?
So what makes prayer powerful and effective unity?
Let's look at Matthew 18, 19.
Unity makes prayer powerful and effective.
Again, that's something we all know, but it bears reminding.
And it says, again, I say unto you that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything, they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father, which is in heaven, that word agree.
You could also put in unity, unified, coming to agreement with that.
Amen.
You look at this from the Passion Translation.
Okay, I'll go ahead and read it.
It's again, I give you an eternal truth.
Praise God, if two of you agree to ask God for something in a symphony of prayer, a symphony.
Anybody know what the symphony is?
You're playing together.
One accord, you're playing together.
Amen?
Of prayer, my Heavenly Father will do it for you.
Praise God.
It says, my Heavenly Father will do it for you.
Nothing is off limits.
Whatever you believe in God for, nothing is off limits.
Glory to God.
He will do it in a symphony of prayer.
He will do it.
Amen.
And also, look at Ecclesiastes 4.9.
This way, Ecclesiastes 4.9 says, Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Most of the time we use this for married couples.
Praise God.
Ecclesiastes 4.9 said, two are better than one.
Two are better than one.
to a better than one.
Because they have a good reward for their labor.
When you labor in prayer for someone, when you call out to God on their behalf, there's a good reward.
There's a good reward, amen?
Because guess what?
When you're praying for somebody, you were praying to God.
God is going to manifest that on your behalf.
Because whatever you saw, you shall reap.
Whatever you saw, you shall reap.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Let's look at, let's look at unified prayer and what it can produce.
I'm gonna look at that from in Acts.
I think Acts, of course, everyone knows it's the beginning of the gospel.
Acts is the beginning of where God, manifestation and demonstration took place, go with the God, Hallelujah.
And if ever there's a blueprint, we should look at what took place in Acts among the disciples.
It's a good place to look, amen?
Let's look at what it can produce.
Praise God, it's a primary example of what happens when people are unified.
Praise God, hallelujah.
Acts 1, let's look at 24, 26.
And in this area, they receive wisdom.
They didn't know what to do.
When you don't know what to do, ask God for wisdom.
James says, if you lack wisdom, if any man lack wisdom, let him ask God, and he give it to you.
He's not going to hold anything back from you.
But this is what this is what these men did when they needed to know who to replace, who to put in this thing.
They didn't want another Judas.
So they prayed to God.
They prayed.
No, they had to keep things unified.
They didn't want another Judas.
They had to call God.
They had to call upon God.
So Acts 1, 24, 26.
He said, and they prayed and said, the Lord which knowing the hearts of all men,
Only God can know the hearts of all men.
Praise God.
So whether of these two thou hast chosen, that he may take part of this ministry and a partnership from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place, and they gave forth their lives, and their lives fell upon Matthias, and he was numbered with the 11 apostles.
If you want to know, if you want to get wisdom, you want divine direction,
you want to know exactly and if some things are not clear to you as to what God is going to accelerate and what some of the things that may be have even forgotten what he wants to manifest in your life you ask God you get before God amen and some of you who are evening businesses go with God and getting into some partnerships you need to ask God you need to pray and ask God for wisdom in this season you don't want anybody as to partake of what God is blessing you with
Because if there's a false person among you, they're gonna take what belongs to you and use it for the kingdom of darkness.
That can happen in this season.
Amen?
Praise God.
Let's look at Acts 4, 30 to the 35.
In this instance, this is no luck.
Everything was provided.
God 14, increase.
Go with the God Acts 4, 30 to the 35.
Again, we see here the heart.
We're looking at the heart.
So a heart, the unity, a heart plays a big part.
Your heart has to be right in order to be unified.
Just like Jonathan and David's heart were knit together, amen?
Nothing was withheld.
They didn't hold nothing back from it.
David, I mean, Jonathan gave David his stuff.
He didn't even care about position.
He didn't care about whether he received nothing from his father, his natural father or not.
He just considered and just was willing to turn everything over to David.
You understand me?
All right?
So let's look at this.
And the multitude of them that believe were of one heart and of one soul.
Neither said any of them that all of the things which he possessed was his own.
Amen?
All things open and clear because it's all in the kingdom.
Anything that we have,
God gave it to us.
Praise God, amen?
Go with the God.
And he says, but they had all things common.
And with great power, praise God, great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus.
And great grace was upon them all.
Neither was there any among them that lacked.
Because they didn't count nothing for themselves.
They just figure, hey, everything is for the kingdom.
What you got, I got.
When you prosper, I prosper.
So what I have belongs to you.
Glory to God, no luck, no discord, no disunity.
Because you understood it was for the kingdom and the advancement of God.
Amen, glory to God.
Those settings come to pass.
And so it is even in this moment, there should and I declare,
will be no luck among us in the name of Jesus.
Glory to God, Hallelujah.
We're going to have a sufficiency in all things that we can give to every good work.
Hallelujah.
There's going to be no luck.
We're not going to borrow either.
Our borrowing days are offering the name of Jesus.
We're not borrowing.
We're going to truly be lenders according to Jewish around me.
Glory to God, hallelujah.
These are the times that we are living in the promises.
Glory to God.
We're not waiting on the promises.
We're going to be living smart down in the promises of God.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
This was somebody who need a house and land.
Let's look at this.
Hallelujah.
Claim this.
Now there was there any among them that loved.
For as many as were possessors of Harlan's and houses sold them.
Hallelujah.
I'm not telling nobody to sell their house.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
I'm not telling nobody to sell their house.
But if the Lord lays it on your heart, give a portion to your sister and brothers in Jesus Christ.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
And He says they brought the prices of the things that were sold and laid them down at the apostles' feet.
And distribution was made unto every man.
according as he had need, no lack, unity.
They didn't consider themselves, they were not selfish.
Amen, praise God.
Hallelujah.
As we cooperate with the Holy Spirit and as we do what God has us to do, praise God, the power of God will manifest more and more in our life and it will spill out to things, people and situation.
Amen.
And we're going to show off our father.
The Spirit of God is the Spirit of Truth, and He can reveal things to us, no matter where it is.
Praise God.
As we are hooked up to each other, praise God, hallelujah.
There is a spirit when we are connected.
I don't know if anybody has experienced it, but has anybody ever been in corporate prayer?
And somebody's praying, leaders appear praying, and you are so connected, and you're in tune.
If that person stop pause, you find yourself paused.
And if that person cough, you cough.
Anybody have ever experienced that?
No, it's not in my head, I experience it.
It's not in my head.
Because you're hooked up, you're not thinking, nothing else is on your mind.
You came to pray, that's what you're doing.
And you're falling with what the person upstairs, appears doing because, guess what?
You understand the praying by the Spirit.
So it's God's will.
You're hooked up.
You just, you know, and things will come to pass.
Go with the God, hallelujah.
God will reveal things to you, amen?
God will continue to reveal things that we cannot see in the natural.
Praise God, He will reveal to us.
and revelation leads to knowledge.
And when you have knowledge, when you know something, you know how to pray accurately, and you will pray effectively, there will be no hidden and no missing.
You will be accurate.
You will hit that thing right on its head.
Praise God, hallelujah.
Go with the God.
And so like I said before, as I come to a close, close out, blow with the God so you couldn't meditate and those things go with the God, let your heart remain pure.
Let your heart remain pure.
Amen?
Glory to God.
Purvis 4, 23 says.
It says, keep thy heart without diligence for out of it are the issues of life.
Sometimes things happen to us.
We don't understand.
What I've got also said that the heart is desperately wicked.
And sometimes we ponder upon things, and we say they ponder upon things in our heart, our heart, which we don't understand, have understanding with it.
It goes deep, and it goes deep, and we have no understanding of it, and our heart becomes clogged, glory to God, and we don't have the real counsel of God.
We're not receiving the counsel of God, amen?
Because we in our own self, we have taught it out, and we have settled it in our own heart, that that's the way the thing is.
But it's not.
Allow God to reveal true to your heart.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Remember the effective and the fervent prayer of the righteous man, a valid march for his God.
And if let me say this, the heart as it possesses things by itself.
And if you do it in your own strength without revelation, it only brings forward corruption.
If we possess things by ourself, without any revelation,
It will only bring forward corruption.
We don't want any corruption.
The corruption will bring corrosion and things will break down.
Praise God.
So let's allow God to use us in this day and this hour.
Allow Him by His Spirit to continue to unify us and make us one.
Just like Jesus prayed for us that we'll be one.
Just like God, Jesus, the Holy Spirit, our One,
Let us work with the Spirit of God so that we can keep things flowing, that we can have manifestation and demonstration of the things that God has already promised us.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Go with the God.
Again, remember in James 5, 16 says, the prayer for righteous person is powerful and effective.
So pray powerfully, pray in unity, and you will see the victory.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Somebody give the Lord a shout of praise.
Somebody lift up your voice unto the Lord, the King of Kings, the mighty God, the risen King, our counselor, our guide, our Savior, our healer, our sustainer, our whole hallelujah.
He's our strength.
Hallelujah.
He's a very pleasant help in the time of need.
Whatever you need him to be tonight.
Hallelujah.
Lift up your voice unto the great I am.
Lift up your voice to the holy one.
Hallelujah.
The one that can make way.
The one that sees things are far off and can reveal it to you.
Hallelujah.
Lift up your voice unto him.
Praise him.
Worship him.
Adore him tonight.
Hallelujah.
As you're doing that, minister and angels are going before you.
Preparing the way.
Making cooking places straight.
Hallelujah.
He's bringing to pass those things that have even been on your mind.
Those areas.
Hallelujah.
Those concerns.
He's bringing them to pass in the name of Jesus.
As you took the time out tonight to meditate and to come to the house of God.
or even to tune in and listen to hear what God had to say tonight.
Hallelujah.
God is working on your behalf because you're being diligent, Hallelujah, to receive and to say consistent in His words.
So I declare blessing over your life tonight.
Hallelujah.
As you obedient to the Spirit, to even enter the house of God.
So Father, we give you glory.
We give you honor.
We give you praise God and we worship you.
Hallelujah.
You are the great I am.
We worship you God.
We worship you.
We worship you, God.
As you worship him, things are lifting.
Hallelujah.
Come on and worship the Lord.
As you worship him, that thing is lifting.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Father, we thank you.
We praise them.
We worship you.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Now bow your head and go before the throne of grace.
Hallelujah.
Or we worship you, God.
We worship you tonight, God.
Father, we thank you for your spirit, your spirit of truth, that will lead us and guide us into our truth.
And as the people bow their heads and their heart before you tonight, God.
Father, I pray in the name of Jesus, as you're searching, as your spirit is the candle of the Lord.
I thank you, Father, you're searching.
You're searching our hearts, God.
If there is anything in our hearts that doesn't please you,
and causing discord and things not to function.
Holy Spirit of the living God revealed tonight.
Reveal because we want to be in one accord with you.
We want to be in the same timetable with you God.
Reveal and Father, let us be quick and obedient to do and to act to what you're telling us to do God.
Let your word be true and solidify in our heart God tonight in the name of Jesus.
Glory to God, Hallelujah.
So those of you online, those in the sanctuary,
If anyone is here, glory to God and listen to the sound of my voice.
And you have never received Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
There was some doubt in your heart.
If you really didn't believe God's word, you were waiting and waiting and waiting, glory to God.
And maybe even heard the Word of God this year says acceleration and demonstration.
And some of you may have found in God and say again, I didn't see nothing last year.
Open up your hearts tonight and receive.
Open up your heart to receive tonight in the name of Jesus.
Go with the God, and first principle is, in order to access anything, you have to receive His Son.
Praise God.
Woman, stand 8, 9, and 10.
It's a one-sided, the word is night in the mouth.
This is a word of faith that we preach.
It's if you believe in your heart and confess with your mouth.
And if you believe that God raised Jesus from the dead and you confess with your mouth, hallelujah, don't shall be safe.
For with the heart, man, believe it unto righteousness, and with the mouth, confession is made unto salvation.
Glory to God, that gives you access into everything.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God, if you have never received Jesus as your Lord and Savior, and you are online, let us know.
Put it in the chat.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
That someone can pray with you.
Follow up.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
If you have left your false love,
He knows it's a good time to come back to him.
For his God knows the time to solidify anything in your heart.
Glory to God and be in unity on one accord.
Be on God's timeline.
Be on his agenda for this year.
Glory to God, Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
1 John 1, 9 says, if we confess our sins, it's faithful and just to forgive us and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Unrighteousness calls things to stop.
It causes the spirit of God not to flow.
Amen.
Glory to God, Hallelujah.
But some things will be off limit.
You will not be able to access some things.
But we want to access everything that God has for us.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
So you just said, Lord, forgive me.
I missed it.
Maybe I was doubting you.
I thought bad about you.
I thought that you only cared about some, but not about me.
Glory to God.
That's not our God.
Our God, our God, it's our God of love.
And use no respect to our persons.
Glory to God.
Allow Him to flow through your heart tonight.
And whatever is clogging, open it up.
And so he can download truth into your heart tonight.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
God's what is true.
And when even when he speak to you, the rainbow world, he will not speak a lie to you.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Oh, we thank you, God.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you.
Hallelujah.